[FLINK-32519][docs] Add doc for [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE AS statement (#23060)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/table/sql/create.md

{{< top >}}

## [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE
```sql
[CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE [catalog_name.][db_name.]table_name
[COMMENT table_comment]
WITH (key1=val1, key2=val2, ...)
AS select_query
```

> Tables can also be replaced(or created) and populated by the results of a query in one replace-table-as-select (RTAS) statement.  RTAS is the simplest and fastest way to replace and insert data into a table with a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tables can also be replaced(or created) and populated by the results of a query in one replace-table-as-select(RTAS) statement.  RTAS is the simplest and fastest way to replace and insert data into a table with a single command.
```

> There are two parts in RTAS, the SELECT part can be any [SELECT query]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sql/queries/overview" >}}) supported by Flink SQL. The `[CREATE OR] REPLACE` part takes the resulting schema from the `SELECT` part and replace the target table. Similar to `CREATE TABLE` and `CTAS`, RTAS requires the required options of the target table must be specified in WITH clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two parts in RTAS: the SELECT part can be any [SELECT query]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sql/queries/overview" >}}) supported by Flink SQL, the `[CREATE OR] REPLACE` part takes the resulting schema from the `SELECT` part and replace the target table. Similar to `CREATE TABLE` and `CTAS`, RTAS requires the required options of the target table must be specified in WITH clause.
```
?

> There are two parts in RTAS: the SELECT part can be any [SELECT query]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sql/queries/overview" >}}) supported by Flink SQL, the `[CREATE OR] REPLACE` part takes the resulting schema from the `SELECT` part and replace the target table. Similar to `CREATE TABLE` and `CTAS`, RTAS requires the required options of the target table must be specified in WITH clause.

Reviewer: not actuall in here:`and replace the target table.`
It doesn't always replace the target table

Consider the example statement below:

```sql
REPLACE TABLE my_rtas_table
WITH (
    'connector' = 'kafka',
    ...
)
AS SELECT id, name, age FROM source_table WHERE mod(id, 10) = 0;
```

> The resulting table `my_rtas_table` is equivalent to first drop the table, then create the table and insert the data with the following statement:

Reviewer: Should be the statement is is equivalent to instead of the resulting table.
WDYT?

> The `[CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE` statement is equivalent to first drop the table, then create the table and insert the data with the following statement:

Reviewer: `CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE` is not equivalent to first drop the table if the table doesn't exist.

Author: Thank you for the reminder, in order to avoid the cost of explaining too much here, I will put the introduction of RTAS semantics at the very beginning, and subsequently we will use the example of REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT

```sql
DROP TABLE my_rtas_table;

CREATE TABLE my_rtas_table (
    id BIGINT,
    name STRING,
    age INT
) WITH (
    'connector' = 'kafka',
    ...
);
 
INSERT INTO my_rtas_table SELECT id, name, age FROM source_table WHERE mod(id, 10) = 0;
```

**Note** RTAS has the following semantic:

> * REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT statement, the target table to be replaced must exist or an exception is thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT statement: the target table to be replaced must exist, otherwise, an exception will be thrown.
```

> * CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT statement, the target table to be replaced is created if it does not exist; if it does exist, it is replaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT statement: the target table to be replaced will be created if it does not exist; if it does exist, it'll be replaced.
```

**Note** RTAS has these restrictions:

> Does not support replacing a temporary table yet.

Reviewer: `* Does not support creating a temporary table yet.`.

{{< top >}}

## [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE
```sql
[CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE [catalog_name.][db_name.]table_name
[COMMENT table_comment]
WITH (key1=val1, key2=val2, ...)
AS select_query
```

**Note** RTAS has the following semantic:
* REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT statement: the target table to be replaced must exist, otherwise, an exception will be thrown.
* CREATE OR REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT statement: the target table to be replaced will be created if it does not exist; if it does exist, it'll be replaced.

> Tables can also be replaced(or created) and populated by the results of a query in one [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE(RTAS) statement.  RTAS is the simplest and fastest way to replace and insert data into a table with a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tables can also be replaced(or created) and populated by the results of a query in one [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE AS SELECT(RTAS) statement. RTAS is the simplest and fastest way to replace(or create) and insert data into a table with a single command.
```

> Tables can also be replaced(or created) and populated by the results of a query in one [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE(RTAS) statement.  RTAS is the simplest and fastest way to replace and insert data into a table with a single command.

Reviewer: nit: I'd like to remove `also`, for there's no context in here. It's not like ctas part.'
```suggestion
Tables can be replaced(or created) and populated by the results of a query in one [CREATE OR] REPLACE TABLE(RTAS) statement.  RTAS is the simplest and fastest way to replace and insert data into a table with a single command.
```
